DevOps Engineer Introduction:

Hi interviwer name

My self Mounika
I have a total 2+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer and working with purpletalk.

I am working with (your project name ) and when comes to tool stack experience
I have good experience on Git,Github,Jenkins,Docker,Kubernetes,Ansible or Terraform (your wish , if you have good experience on both tools you can mention 2 tools otherwise mention anyone) , Google Cloud Platform ,Bug tracking tool is Jira and OS is linux and Windows.

When comes to Day to day activities , 
In Version control systems , I have good experience on Git and Github
Here I am creating Git repos and providing access to Repo’s to dev and qa guys.
Based on DEV/QA Teams requests , creating branches and working with them to resolve their Git related issues.

In Continuous integration , I have good experience on Jenkins.
Here I am creating jenkins jobs based on the requirements from the Dev and QA Teams and working with them to resolve their Jenkins build related issues.
Based on the Jenkins console logs , we can find out the exact issue and will suggest developers to make some code changes if that is a code issue.

In Containerization , I have good experience on Docker and kubernetes.
Here I am creating docker files and creating images from Dockerfile and then pushing those images to DockerHub.
Creating containers from the Images and deploying those containers to Kubernetes Clusters.

When comes to IAC (Infrastructure as a Code)Tool, we are using Terraform to Create Infra on GCP Cloud and for that we are writing Terraform files and applying the same code changes to create infra in GCP Cloud.
If you want to destroy the same infra , we can use the Terraform destroy command.

When comes to Cloud Platform ,I have good experience on Google cloud platform
Here I have good experience on IAM , GCE , Cloud storage , GKE , StackDriver ,BigQuery and BigTable Services.
In IAM , Adding users to GCP and giving required roles to Google Users and service accounts.
In GCE, Creating GCE VM’s and starting/stopping VM’s if we get any requests.
 
Creating Storage buckets and assigning roles to buckets based on the requirement.
Creating Bigquery datasets and giving roles to bq datasets 
Creating BigTable instances and increasing/decreasing instance size based on the requirement from the Dev/QA Teams.

We are using Jira as a ticketing tool and generating reports for the entire week to represent with the Client manager.
Apart from that , we have a daily status call with our Internal team to discuss daily issues and one more status call with our Client manager on a weekly basis.
We are involving in one more status call with Dev/QA teams to resolve their issues on priority basis and if there is any priority issue , we can jump into the call and try to fix that issue ASAP.
That’s it  from my end.
